What is fate sharing in my networking class?
How does a switch differ from a bridge in networking
Throughput vs Delay in networking
What should I study for Networks
all these are from other classes 😭 not really what I need
henlo. What is mechanistic pathway of GPCR Gs protein signalling?
😳
do I have anything due tonight?
hehe
what should i study for my networks exam?
how to calculate average queuing delay?
what should I study for my networks exam
What are the four layers of the 4-layer model? What do
they do?
• What is the job of the “header” in each layer?
Why is reliability not built into the network layer?
What are the three design principles of the Internet?
Provide one example (each) of their application?
What am I learning about in Music and Social Change
What should I study for my Networks Exam
What is the role of the application layer
In the emotions revealed video, athletes born without sight make similar facial expressions to those born with sight in the same context.
  True 
  False 
Which of the following examples would be considered a mood, according to lecture? 

  David woke up today feeling great and with a positive attitude. 
  Being frustrated all day because you lost your favorite water bottle. 
  Carson lost in his bowling tournament which cause him to be upset the rest of the night. 
  Lydia looked at Uche’s phone and got angry at what she saw. 
That was wrong
what should I study for me networks exam?
can you explain the vector protocol to me?
what is the fate sharing?
what is the difference between an arp table and a forwarding table
thats incorrect
how do you work
what does noise refer to in artificial intelligence
What should I study for my network exam?
What are the four layers of the 4-layer model? What do they do?
What is the goal of intra-domain routing? Why do we need it?

What is CIDR? What problem does it solve? How does it solve this problem?


what should I study for my networks exam
what type of things should I include in my midterm review for networks
What is in the file midterm review for my class intro to networks 
What is the name of the file that is lecture14 
What is the name of the file that is lecture14 for intro to networks

specifically for intro to networks how many lectures have been posted
Lecture 15 in my networks class is entitled midterm review. Give me some important questions from that file
explain the 6 to 4 protocol
What should i study for my netowrks
 exam
yes but how do i convert the units to something thats the same.

e.g. 100  B to bits?

why do they multiply it by 10^9 then

he does  dtrans = 1x8*10^9 / 1 x 10^9

Wh ydoes he multiply it by these conversion factors

4298~XAJ0r8pHotKOA62DIJGvpWXxLXwXunYuq5iabYxJw0kJnfb3OodTEmFg6auRZITA
what is the difference of network and link layer?
what should I study for networks exam?
what should I study for network exam?
what is fate sharing in my network class?
What is fate sharing in my networking class?
What should I study for my exam in networking?
What is Classless Inter Domain Routing
Summarize the topics covered in Module 1: Internet design principles in my Networking class
Give a summary of lec2-e2e.pdf in my Networking class
Create a quiz for my networking class
provide bullet points of the topics covered in lec2-e2e.pdf in my Networking class
What is the job of the “header” in each layer?
Why is reliability not built into the network layer?
What are the three design principles of the Internet?
Provide one example (each) of their application?
Layer Principle
What is the end to end principle
What is the Fate Sharing Principle 
What is the Fate Sharing Principle in my Networking class?
What "building blocks" does End-hosts use in Networking?
What layers do the following “building blocks” use?
• End-hosts.
• Access networks.
• Network core.
What does switching aim to accomplish? What are
the two primary approaches it may use? In Networking
What is reservation-based link sharing (circuit
switching)? How is it implemented? What types of
applications does it support well? Why?
How is on-demand link sharing (packet switching)
different from circuit switching? What are the benefits
and drawbacks of using packet switching?
What are the approaches for detecting errors in
frames? What are the limitations of each approach?
What is key idea behind the ALOHA protocol? What
improvement does the Slotted ALOHA make? Why does it
work?
How does the sender of a frame know if a frame was
received error free? How do we improve the
efficiency of this protocol?
How does the CSMA/CD protocol work? Why doesn’t it apply
to wireless networks? How does the CSMA/CA protocol
work? Why do we need the RTS/CTS variant?
What are the hidden terminal and exposed terminal
problems? How do we solve them?
What is the best backoff strategy in the face of
errors/collisions? Why?
How do we address devices on the link layer? Are these
addresses unique to each device?
What are the differences between hubs, switches, and
bridges?
What is a forwarding table? How do bridges and switches
create/update their forwarding tables? Why are loops bad
in our networks? How do we prevent them from causing
problems?
Could the whole Internet be one big switching domain?
What would this look like? What issues would appear?

What is CIDR? What problem does it solve? How
does it solve this problem?
Why was IPv6 introduced? In what ways is it different
than IPv4?
How do IP 6-to-4 protocols facilitate communication
between a v4 host and a v6 host?

Why does fragmentation need to happen? Who is
responsible for fragmenting packets? Who is
responsible for reassembling packets?
What is the goal of intra-domain routing? Why do we
need it?
How does the link state protocol work? How is it
different than the distance vector protocol?
What is the “count to infinity” problem in the distance
vector protocol? When does it arise? How do we
address it?

What is the “count to infinity” problem in the distance
vector protocol? When does it arise? How do we
address it?
Why do we need inter-domain routing protocols? What are
their design goals?
How is the BGP protocol similar and different to the
distance vector protocol? Why are the differences
needed?
What is the functional difference between IGP, iBGP, and
eBGP routers?
How does an ISP decide what routes to import or export
from their peers, customers, and providers?
What should I study for my networks exam


whats my grade for cs327
hi
what is due for cs327 this week
I have my first Intro to Networks midterm in the morning and do not know how to prepare for it.
Help me better understand Inter Domain Routing and Intra Domain Routing
What classes am I taking right now?
What classes should i take next semester?

What can you help me with?

What classes do i have tommorow 
What homework do i have due tomorrow 
How can i study for my macro exam #3
what classes am i enrolled in right now
what is circuit switching?
what is a push down automaton
How do I get better at the unit coversions for bits to bytes?

Caclulatig transmission delay and propogation

How does a switch differ from a bridge in Networking
give me a list of all the concepts I need to know for my Pharmacology exam this afternoon
